Sailing from Lake Encarthan, past the Reaping Rocks, a thousand fog lamps reluctantly emerge from the swirling haze, and the weirdly echoing din of countless faceless souls heralds one’s arrival in [[Caliphas]], mist-shrouded capital of Ustalav.

Situated in the county with the name name, [[Caliphas]] flourishes as the nation's wealthiest, most accessible, and most cosmopolitan city. These factors, along with other, more mysterious persuasions, had argued for it to become the royal court's relocation within it's walls 40 years ago. Despite being a new capital, Through the ages, communities have risen and fallen upon the site, their ruins used as the foundations for new cities. A city decorated with sharp gables, soaring buttresses, and endless intimidating embellishments adorn much of the city's architecture. Thick black clouds from burgeoning industries mix with the frequent fog cloaks some parts of the city in a thick, wretched coat of ash. Despite this, numerous gardens, private menageries, and fenced parks dot the crowded landscape, creating a strange contrast of burgeoning  life within a city fit to be a tomb for lavish and macabrely princes. 

Each holder of the note would be instructed to travel to a small plaza deep within the city. Passing through the streets, each person would note a large gap between the decadence of the wealthy and the squalor of poor, the immigrants, and the refugees. As each gets closer to the plaza, they'd travel deeper and deeper into an old part of the city. They'd be greeted by the site of a old, no longer working fountain. The plaza would be oddly empty, except for a strange, reddish... Goblin, maybe an imp, sitting on the fountain, staring at a pocket watch. He would be in an exquisitely well dressed, if a bit odd fashion. If any of the party are late, he will not respond to any questions other than raising an index finger, indicating to wait. Once the entire party has arrived, he would finally take his eyes off the clock, addressing them.

"Thank you for arriving on time, at least some of you. You each were sent an invitation for acceptance into the prestigious Dark Archive, a faction within the Pathfinder Society dedicated into the strange, the absurd, the paranormal.